******************************************************
*n6sdk*: Server-side Software Development Kit for *n6*
******************************************************

`n6`_ (Network Security Incident eXchange) is a system to collect,
manage and distribute security information on a large scale.
Distribution is realized through a simple REST API that authorized users
can use to receive various types of data, in particular information on
threats to their networks.

.. _n6: https://github.com/CERT-Polska/n6

The *n6sdk* library was created to foster exchange of information
across organizations, by making it easier to implement an *n6*-like REST
API that provided access to your own source of security-related data.


.. warning::

   **It is deprecated** to use *n6sdk* as a separate library.  Instead,
   please use *n6lib* and/or other sub-packages of *n6* -- which is now
   an open-source project; see: https://github.com/CERT-Polska/n6.

   The separate *n6sdk*'s documentation (still available in the source
   code repo, in ``N6SDK/docs``) is **not maintained anymore**. Please
   refer to the actual documentation of *n6* at https://n6.readthedocs.io/.

   In the future, most probably, we will erase *n6sdk* completely as a
   separate package, incorporating its most important parts into *n6lib*
   (possibly revamping the stuff in a backwards-incompatible way).

   Other parts of *n6sdk* will just be removed.  In particular, the
   ``n6sdk_api_test`` script (together with the ``n6sdk._api_test_tool``
   module containing its implementation) will be erased -- *without*
   incorporating it into *n6lib* (however, if you find that script useful,
   please let us know -- we might re-release it as a separate tool).


Basic *n6sdk* References (obsolete)
===================================

* **Home page:** https://github.com/CERT-Polska/n6sdk (NOT ACTIVE ANYMORE;
  visit https://github.com/CERT-Polska/n6 instead...)
* **Documentation:** http://n6sdk.readthedocs.org/ (NOT AVAILABLE ANYMORE)


Copyright, License and Authors
==============================

Basic Legal Information about n6sdk
-----------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2013-2021 `Naukowa i Akademicka Sieć Komputerowa
(Research and Academic Computer Network)`_.  All rights reserved.
See also: the *Supplementary Attributions* section below.

.. _Naukowa i Akademicka Sieć Komputerowa (Research and Academic
   Computer Network): https://en.nask.pl

The *n6sdk* library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License,
Version 3, as published by the Free Software Foundation.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program (see: the ``LICENSE.txt`` file in the root
directory of the source code repository).  If not, see
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.


Main Authors of n6sdk
---------------------

The developers of *n6sdk* were:

* Jan Kaliszewski,
* Mateusz Kukawski,
* Łukasz Michalak,
* Marcin Ptak,
* Mariusz Szot,
* and others...

*NASK, Software Development Department*.

The project was developed for `CERT Polska`_.  Contact us via e-mail:
n6@cert.pl.

.. _CERT Polska: http://www.cert.pl/


Supplementary Attributions
--------------------------

Small portions of the software have been created and are copyrighted
by other parties; appropriate notes are placed in the concerned source
code files.

Moreover, major portions of the ``docs/Makefile`` and
``docs/source/conf.py`` files were generated by the `Sphinx`_
documentation tool.

.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/


Acknowledgements
----------------

This work was partially supported by the Strategic International
Collaborative R&D Promotion Project of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
and Communication, Japan, and by the European Union Seventh Framework
Programme (FP7/2007--2013) under grant agreement No. 608533 (NECOMA).

For more information on the NECOMA project see:
http://www.necoma-project.eu/
